YelpNC and ML1M non-context specific ablation study (#6)
thesis20/thesis_paper: sections/experiments/experiments-chapter.tex

In the bottom we have the simple solution of simply taking the lowest or highest score across the contexts.\\
This supports our previous assumption that while a single item might score high or low in one context, it does not necessarily mean that it is a good recommendation overall, which is better captured through the mean and median aggregations.\\
While the results are only shown for NDCG@20 for this dataset, they have proven consistent across all the metrics.
\\\\

> To test whether it is actually the context and side-information that increase the performance of our model in a non-context specific setting, we run our proposed method, CSGCN-ADJ, where we use different inputs for the datasets YelpNC and ML1M, and measure the performances with NDCG@20.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test whether context and side-information actually increase the performance of our model in a non-context specific setting, we run one of our proposed methods, CSGCN-ADJ, using different inputs for the datasets YelpNC and ML1M and measure the performances with NDCG@20.
```

First of all, our method is run with both side-information and context. 

> Then we remove side-information, remove context and finally, we remove both context and side-information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we remove side-information, followed by removing context and finally we remove both context and side-information.
```

> This experiment is conducted to test the effects of context and side-information on our model so that we can try to answer RQ3.

Reviewer: var det stadig rq3

> This experiment is conducted to test the effects of context and side-information on our model so that we can try to answer RQ3.

Author: ```suggestion
```

            
        \addplot plot coordinates{
            (20,8.120e-02)
            (40,9.177e-02)
            (60,9.735e-02)
            (80,9.875e-02)
            (100,1.002e-01)
            (120,1.018e-01)
            (140,1.018e-01)
            (160,1.016e-01)
        };

        \addplot plot coordinates {
            (20,8.696e-02)
            (40,9.651e-02)
            (60,1.006e-01)
            (80,1.025e-01)
            (100,1.038e-01)
            (120,1.029e-01)
            (140,1.012e-01)
            (160,9.98e-02)
        };

        \addplot plot coordinates {
            (20,8.358e-02)
            (40,9.471e-02)
            (60,9.871e-02)
            (80,1.007e-01)
            (100,1.006e-01)
            (120,1.017e-01)
            (140,1.0031e-01)
            (160,1.019e-01)
        };

        \addplot plot coordinates {
            (20,9.053e-02)
            (40,9.955e-02)
            (60,1.017e-01)
            (80,1.029e-01)
            (100,1.027e-01)
            (120,1.018e-01)
            (140,9.953e-02)
            (160,9.809e-02)

        };
        \legend{Sideinfo + context,Sideinfo,Context,Nothing}
        \end{axis}
    \end{tikzpicture}

>     \caption{The performance on NDCG@20 of our model on the YelpNC dataset with different types of input}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \caption{The performance on NDCG@20 of our model on the YelpNC dataset with different types of input.}
```

    \label{fig:ablation_study_1}
\end{figure}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In \Cref{fig:ablation_study_1}, we see the performance on NDCG@20 of our model with different input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On \Cref{fig:ablation_study_1} we see the performance on NDCG@20 of CSGCN-ADJ with different input.
```

> We see that the more input the model takes, the longer it takes to converge to its best performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We see that the more input the model receives, the longer it takes to converge to its best performance.
```

Overall, the performance does not change drastically with the different types of input.
Having only side-information as input achieves the best performance, but it is only marginally better than not having side-information and context at all.
Having both context and side-information actually degrades performance slightly, compared to just having side-information as the input, and having just context as input also does not give much better results.

> To conclude from the study on the YelpNC dataset, the usage of context is not able to provide better recommendations in a non-context specific setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To conclude from the study on the YelpNC dataset, the usage of context is not able to provide better recommendations in a non-context specific setting for the NDCG metric.
```

> Side-information, however, performs the best on this metric on this dataset, which suggest that side-information in our model is able to slightly improve results, compared to having no extra input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Side-information, however, performs the best on this metric on this dataset, which suggests that side-information in CSGCN-ADJ is able to slightly improve results compared to having no extra input.
```

            height=8cm,
            width=7cm,
            grid=major,
            legend style={at={(0.5,-0.20)},
        anchor=north,legend columns=2}]
            
        \addplot plot coordinates{
            (20,0.3749)
            (40,0.3850)
            (60,0.3854)
            (80,0.3862)
            (100,0.3836)
            (120,0.3856)
        };

        \addplot plot coordinates {
            (20,0.3798)
            (40,0.3881)
            (60,0.3900)
            (80,0.3899)
            (100,0.3862)
            (120,0.3884)
        };

        \addplot plot coordinates {
            (20,0.3748)
            (40,0.3836)
            (60,0.3816)
            (80,0.3894)
            (100,0.3841)
            (120,0.3933)
        };

        \addplot plot coordinates {
            (20,0.3749)
            (40,0.3836)
            (60,0.3893)
            (80,0.3970)
            (100,0.3912)
            (120,0.3901)
        };
        \legend{Sideinfo + context,Sideinfo,Context,Nothing}
        \end{axis}
    \end{tikzpicture}
    \caption{The performance on NDCG@20 of our model on the ML1M dataset with different types of input}
    \label{fig:ablation_study_2}
\end{figure}

> On \Cref{fig:ablation_study_2} the NDGC@20 results of ML1M is shown for our model with different types of input. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On \Cref{fig:ablation_study_2} the NDGC@20 results of ML1M are shown for CSGCN-ADJ with different types of input. 
```

> For this dataset, the model where neither the context or side-information is used in the input, is actually the best performing version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this dataset, the model that uses neither the context nor side-information for the input is actually the best performing version.
```

Side-information and context is not able to improve the performance of the model on ML1M in a non-context specific setting.

> Since both \Cref{fig:ablation_study_1,fig:ablation_study_2} show that the model is worse with context included, we can conclude that context does not increase the performance of our model in a non-context specific setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since both \Cref{fig:ablation_study_1,fig:ablation_study_2} show that the model is worse with context included, we can conclude that context does not increase the performance of CSGCN-ADJ in a non-context specific setting.
```

> Side-information however, should be able to increase performance of the model in a non-context specific setting, but in this case the side-information does not provide any additional collaborative signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Side-information, however, should be able to increase performance of the model in a non-context specific setting, but in this case the side-information does not provide any additional collaborative signal.
```
